Deprecate synced flush (#50835)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/synced-flush.asciidoc

--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip: Synced flush can conflict with scheduled flushes in doc tests]

> deprecated:[7.6, synced-flush is deprecated and will be removed in future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecated:[7.6, Synced flush is deprecated and will be removed in a future
```

> Elasticsearch versions. Please use normal <<indices-flush,flush>> instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version. Use <<indices-flush,flush>> instead.
```

> A normal <<indices-flush,flush>> has the same effect as a synced flush on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flush has the same effect as synced flush in
```

> Elasticsearch 7.6 or later]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{es} 7.6 and later versions.]
```
